OK, so.
Today we will be starting with.
Umm.
A short story, and as a
reminder, with short stories.
They usually take 10.
10 to 15 minutes to describe
and.
When you're finished describing.
One page you could ask me to
turn to the next page. This
story is only two pages long.
Right.
It's like this.
The first page is from the.
Left
To the right is it? Is it a
continuous story?
Yes.
#START_arrival_3 It's about um.
Uh a son selling
A newspaper.
In the kind of market.
Uh, a lot of activity here.
Umm.
That is in a lot of.
Lot of people selling.
Thing.
Um.
Including.
Animals.
And.
Is this an egg?
Huge egg.
Also.
Right.
Also, there is a Barber.
A barber.
And Umm.
Street musician where there is.
Umm.
Mouse or?
There's a bird and then the one
on the on the floor.
This is a big horn. And there's
some.
People, and there's a one man,
no, one there's a lady with uh
teaching others about.
Something.
Umm.
I don't know what is the
connection between the barber
and the snail.
And there is someone waiting
with a suitcase. A man.
with a suitcase waiting.
I don't think this is a story.
Ohh.
And then the man is.
Looking at his.
Watch.
And going somewhere.
But there is something happened.
When
A wind, a light.
A light and.
Oh, a wind blow his.
Hat and when the hat is,
The head drop.
He saw something. Some kind of.
Umm.
Map.
Some kind of map.
Get it and try to translate the
map.
And.
With this.
Umm.
Oh and.
He has a.
A kind of dictionary which can
be translate to the map and then
somebody ask him.
And oh, oh the man the man asked
about.
Maybe he can take a night.
Sleep somewhere.
And he follow the men who will
take him somewhere.
Maybe to a hotel. #END_arrival_3
OK.
Let me see.
Next is a.
Complex scene.
OK, with a complex scene.
3 to 5 minutes to describe what
you see.
#START_by_the_lake This is
about.
Activity in the seashore.
Seashore, where there's a lot of
water activity.
That is.
Lot of people enjoying.
A picnic and they.
Um, they are.
Playing with the.
Speedboat.
with uh paddle. And some family
take their pets childrens
making.
Sandcastle.
Umm.
And some people also, I think
beach volley.
Beach volley.
While other
While
Some people.
Playing underwater.
#END_by_the_lake
OK, let me see what's next.
Hey, next is another complex
scene.
#START_wild_west The picture is.
Showing about a town where there
is.
Lot of.
That's a a jail, a hotel, a
saloon.
Hmm.
is a very
Crowded.
Town.
Umm.
Lot of people with their
activities. There's a train.
There's Umm.
And some people's building, in
a, on the building a bank.
That umm.
Ohh.
Some people playing on the.
Oh, oh, with the horse and a
stable.
And lots of them having fun at
the.
Saloon. #END_wild_west
Yes.
OK, perfect.
Hey, next is a short story.
OK, this story is 44 slides
long, so.
Ohh let me share my screen.
OK.
#START_wanderer The story
showing about.
Uh, two kind of.
Humankind.
1st is an ordinary human and the
other one is like is that?
It's supposed to be.
Umm.
An evil.
But that they're making a boat
together.
And.
And the boat.
This, the boat is small compare
to the the big ship.
Next.
But I think that.
Umm.
Right, it's like.
Two sides of human.
Also like.
Like this boat that is
underneath the the big ship is
there is a some kind of dark
side of of the the ship, the big
ship that we see.
Um, and there is.
There's a dark side and then
underneath that we cannot see.
The paper boat is.
Floating
On the in the sea.
where there's lot of
Seagull.
passing by in the sky.
The boat.
Met met.
On.
Bunch of turtle and also met a
Umm.
Also met.
Is this a shark?
It's not.
Continue the journey in the sea.
In the ocean.
The boat.
Ohh.
The boat
Lean on the.
Shark.
Oh, it's a it's a whale.
The boat is leaning on the
whale's fin
and crossing.
The underwater world.
And.
Well, it's the coral.
And a lot of.
Underwater.
And animal.
And then the the the boat is.
Stop.
The boat.
I think the the boat stop.
In the coral.
A sea creature.
Biting
Oh, no, no, no.
The boat is
Try to fish, fishing.
The the the sea sea creature in
the on the left side. The sea
creature is biting
Umm.
Underside of the boat.
But the other side is.
The boat also fishing a fish.
From from.
From the from the ocean.
There is a.
There is a sea horse.
Ohm.
Comes up to the.
Ohh.
The Seahorse hop into the boat.
And.
While there is.
This.
Uh, while another fish is.
Hanging. Hanging.
Hanging on the boat.
The boat.
The.
Oh.
Now the boat is keep on.
And now the boat already.
Got
To the land.
Well, there's a lot of trees and
birds and flowers.
No more in the in the ocean.
Oh, is it?
It is in ocean.
Hmm.
Now the boat is floating uh
Under.
A big tree when there's a lot
of.
Um.
Bird.
While
Under the sea there's.
That's.
Sea life.
Goes on.
The seahorse that stay in the
boat, continue the journey and
meet.
Creature that looks like.
Three or more.
Four
Creature that have, a lot of
creature with the.
With the.
Shiny eyes.
This looks like a yeah yeah
yeah.
This picture looks like it's not
on this under the under the sea
but.
Before it's like under the sea.
OK.
Umm.
The Sea horse arrive at the.
Place
That.
There's another.
Seahorse which is riding.
Like a lobster.
And then he decide to.
Go down and meet another.
Seahorse.
This is the whale.
The whale that bring
The whale in fact, the whale is.
There's a lot of.
Sinking boat under.
The whale become like a monster.
There there is a sinking boat
under the whale.
This picture is like, um,
there's a.
there's a bat
bat
creature.
With the.
Like.
Like a black cat, like a.
And an evil demon.
but oh I see the boat.
And the the boat have to pass
all of this.
OK.
And the night come.
The boat continue.
The journey.
Under this star.
And the moon.
With the signature following.
It.
This is the part that the.
The boat is being surrounded by
the creatures.
Who looks which looks like a a
fish.
Hundreds of thousands of.
Thousands of, of creatures
surrounding the boat.
And.
But the boat can get away and.
Continue the journey.
Ohh.
Now the the boat.
Pass.
An ice.
A mountain.
Big mountain.
There's a.
a cave.
There's a cave and the.
The boat.
into The Cave.
And follow just follow the.
The water when the water bring
it.
I think
More on further to the cave,
inside the cave.
And the boat
Came out from The Cave.
And.
It's been.
Like uh.
Meet by
Like like a monster under the
sea.
The.
I think that is a diver.
diver.
That lead the boat to another,
another big ship.
That have a yeah.
The boat continued.
The journey and then meet.
This is a.
Like.
Mining. Mining that.
Mining, under
Under sea
But the boat's been attacked.
With the.
People in the in the big ship.
They they shot
Shot at the boat, pointing at
the boat.
But the boat is being rescued,
rescued by.
by
by a diver.
That have a.
Umm.
Like, uh, sea
Sea monster.
But they help help the boat.
Now that the diver is leading
the boat to another place.
That have.
Also like uh.
Uh, this one like a that, that
people that start, who make, who
make the boat together with the
human.
Maybe the boat is getting closer
to to to the.
to where it was supposed to be.
With the help of the Dark man
and with the kites.
The, the boat is, the boat can
fly away.
Through the wave.
They can go.
Rescue.
The boat far from the wave.
There's a lightning.
There's the lightning and the
the boat suddenly can can fly.
And, and and fly across the sea.
Flying in the dark in the night.
Now the boat.
Arrive at.
In a place.
There's lots of.
Others.
Like.
Lots of holes, but I think that
holes is.
From.
A body of a lot of creatures.
The creatures look like a
dinosaur, but it's smaller.
And the boat
Pass all the.
The dinosaur.
Lot of a bunch of dinosaur.
Yeah, it being called by uh.
Like a crocodile.
They, they wave until the boat
can can.
Go far from the the dinosaurs.
The boat already.
Arrive at the seashore.
where there's.
This space.
But, in the seashore, there's a
lot of trash. Maybe from from
human.
That play in the shore, in the
Shore.
Lot of bottles and used drinking
can.
From drinks.
Oh but
The boat is.
Again.
Sinking to the sea, under the
under the sea.
Under the sea where there's uh.
A lot of sea urchin.
But again, the boat is.
Uh
Following school of fish.
And.
And get away from the sea urchin
to the other other side of the
ocean.
There's a.
The boat is uh
Some creature is trying to to
get into the boat.
Trying to get into the boat.
But
Uh.
The boat can can get away from
that.
That one.
With the help of a ship.
Underwater ship.
That underwater ship bring,
bring it.
To the.
Up to the sea again and and
meet.
The the the boat.
Other boat, other boat.
But it's no longer in the no
longer under the sea because we
can see birds flying.
Like a submarine. Is it like a
submarine?
Boat
That help it.
Now the boat is being played by.
Ohh.
Sea.
Uh.
Like this?
I forgot the name.
It's being played.
Yeah, that one.
It's being played by.
Ohh.
The I don't know what the name.
I forgot the name.
This is still.
Um.
The boat is passing through.
Ohh.
That's uh.
A diver.
A diver under the sea.
The diver with the all the
equipment.
Under the sea.
{Megan, excuse me for a moment.
Yeah. Wait. OK. Excuse me.
Nothing.
One more.
Well.
I'm back.
OK.}
Now uh.
Now uh they, uh the boat arrive
at the lighthouse.
Lighthouse.
There is 2 kind of lighthouse.
The the ordinary one and the
other one is.
Uh.
It's difficult to explain.
Reflection of this.
This.
The creature.
But the boat arrived at the the
the lighthouse.
I think the boat is.
Uh, arrive at the place that is
more
Like civilization, not.
No, no longer in the deep ocean
with the bridge and.
Other, other boat.
Yeah.
Oh, wait, wait.
If this.
OK, now the boat.
The boat is following.
An a a big ship.
And also there's the submarine,
also following.
The the the paper boat.
This is the the the Whale
monster that.
That that show up before also
show up here and make a a human
terrified.
I think, yeah, the humans
terrified because of the.
Of the.
whale monster.
People on the shore, uh people
on the.
Yeah, I'm done.
Uh, the boat continue.
But it's look like the the
submarine before is being caught
by the human.
Or uh.
It's hang up.
It's hang up on on the.
On the.
In the part of the big ship.
Oh, the human got the the whale
monster.
With a big crane.
And.
They trapped it in a big, huge
snap.
I think they're trying to export
the the whale monster.
While the boat just.
Passing, just
Watching all that happened.
Now the the boat.
Come to.
Something that looks like more
like a town.
But it's in the night.
Everything looks dark and.
There's a.
Flying creature over here.
I don't know if it uh, a good.
A good or a bad.
Uh.
The boat.
Came to a place.
That uh.
There's more.
Like a diver, but uh uh,
resting.
And there's other also it's a
night time that there is a a
light.
Yeah.
The boat continue the journey.
Through the tunnel.
The tunnel and.
Keep on going.
And.
It met it meet the.
The submarine also there.
The panel.
Right, so like a submarine.
And there's a.
And.
The boat.
Arrive at a house.
And the the boat is.
Vanish.
And it turn into the a, a man.
And meeting another man.
So all this time, it's the boat,
it's the people, there's people
in the boat. #END_wanderer
OK.
Let me see what's next.
The next is a complex scene.
Oh my God, how many sections are
we going through?
So you how you have.
123.
You have 8 items left and then
we're done. I mean the second,
then next week, next Friday.
Also, if we finish today, we
won't have to meet again next
week.
Oh, this is the last time. Yeah,
if we could get through
everything. Yeah. Ohh.
And let me there we go. This is
a complex scene.
Yeah.
#START_picture_this This is very
complex.
About a lot of.
Activity.
That involve a lot of.
Human.
There's a.
Activity like.
Working man. Or that's a sumo
sumo.
A sumo guy and there's a.
People is.
Standing under the tree and
there's uh
uh people trying to.
hurt other people, and there's a
soldier, there's a.
A king,
there's a king.
Umm.
There's a.
Two man's trying to give food to
a crocodile.
And there's a picture of hands,
a picture of a dog trying to.
Communicate with some,
Something.
There's a plane.
There's a witch.
And lots of.
Lots of.
Umm.
Lots of.
Activity and also there's a.
A man that fell down because of
slip onto an apple.
#END_picture_this
Yes.
You're perfect. Let me see
what's next.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK, this is also a complex
scene.
#START_airport This is an.
What look like the airport.
There's a plane.
Lots of planes, there's uh
Passenger and uh, the traffic.
There's a fire fire.
fire truck, fire.
Umm.
Firemen trying to
to
Umm.
Ah.
The fireman is.
Shouting at people with.
I don't know. Is it?
Because they done something
wrong or what?
There's a Zeppelin. There's a
lots of flags.
Umm.
There's a waiting room for
departure.
Also.
There's a bus.
That carry passenger.
Going going to the airplane.
And there's a tower.
Um.
There's an air balloon.
There's, Umm, flags of.
Lots of country.
Uh lots of countries' flag.
Umm, also there's a card.
There's a spade.
Umm.
Lot of
Luggage and other people is
throwing the luggage.
To the cabin of the plane,
airplane. #END_airport
No.
Play.
Hey, next is a short story.
OK.
And I'm going to share my
screen.
OK.
#START_arrival_6 There's a man
trying. There's a man making a
letter and.
And.
Right.
Writing a letter and he put some
money on the envelope.
And make a
Bird from from the paper, from
the letter, and put some money
into the envelope.
And he.
bring it
And put it in the post.
put it in the, and then.
Run away.
This is.
Like.
Seasons of, seasons of.
things, season of like Leaves
or.
Or flower.
In the yeah seasons.
In the, in the rain, in the.
Spring, in the night.
In the winter.
Yeah.
What is this? looks like uh
A place where
There's uh
The place that covered with
snow.
And there's uh buildings and.
Equipment.
Uh.
There's a chimney.
Yeah.
So this.
Man is.
Umm.
Miss.
his family.
Looking at the picture, of the
family picture.
And.
The the letter is came.
And he's very happy to receive
the letter.
He's very happy to to to to
leave and and got news from the.
Man that wrote the letter.
Um.
He put.
The letter.
is a shape like a.
Not the bird anymore, more it's
more like a.
Uh.
Spider.
And that's uh.
Cup of tea on top of a newspaper
and there's a.
Uh picture, of a family
pictures.
And there's a drawing, it's a.
It looks like a drawing from a
childhood drawing, and that's a
hat hanging on the.
On the wall.
And.
Somebody is. There's a picture
about somebody giving a coin to
a small hands. It looks like a
the hands belongs to that little
girl in the picture.
This is the family time where
they had dinner.
Earlier.
And when the the girl is going
outside.
With the the pictures that, um,
the differing letter.
The letter is was made from the
father and.
The one that I.
Say before, this woman, is the
mother. #END_arrival_6
Right.
Next is a complex scene.
Barrier.
So this is just a scene.
#START_waldo_1 This is a town
where
Everybody doing their routine.
There's a water fountain,
there's a shop.
Umm, something else. There's a
Fireman.
Fire fire truck.
Um.
There's a building that that
looks like a bank.
There's a market that everybody
that everyone can can buy
something.
There's Umm.
Children bring their dog.
Uh, there's the people that.
Enjoying coffee.
There's a blue car, there's a.
Cars. Also there's um.
Damaged car in the garage that
is being repaired by a mechanic.
Umm.
Yeah, this is.
Also there's um
Uh.
Uh two people.
On top of the roof, like.
Fighting or
Right.
Fighting.
And there's a.
A statue like a Romanian statue.
This is like.
A park.
That everybody.
Pass through.
The, the park. #END_waldo_1
Sorry, I cannot hear your voice.
Next is also a complex scene.
#START_being_a_pirate This is
like a pirate life.
There's the
the sea.
Lot of.
Pirates with their boats. Lots
of people in it trying to.
They are fighting, I think from
uh, between small boats and the
big ship.
Some people are trying to get
away from it and some small ship
is trying to.
Uh, shoot
To the.
Pirate, pirate, pirate
Ship.
Also, there's an octopus in the
middle and.
Uh, seashore where there is
people.
Digging, digging on the.
land.
Trying to.
Bury
or trying to.
Get something from the the the
box.
Yes, that's all.
#END_being_a_pirate
OK, let me see.
What I have next?
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK, you can start when you're
ready.
#START_make_a_splash This like
in the water park where there's
lots of slides and big slides.
Um.
Pool for kids with the.
With the pink elephant.
And there's a.
a red dragon.
And lots of people enjoying.
Swimming and having fun in the
water with their children and
their family.
And with.
Floaty with a floaty and lots of
people, lots of children and
people sliding in a very
colorful slide.
Uh, there's a water cannon.
Umm.
Well, there's uh
a few ladies have a sunburn.
#END_make_a_splash
And the.
OK, let me see what's next.
Next is a short story.
#START_arrival_4 There's a man
preparing to go somewhere.
Uh, he shaved his mustache. He
he took a bath and shave his
mustache.
Wearing clothes and put the
shoestring and looking, uh bring
some money, take his hat and
bring a map.
He's and he's going on away.
Oh this is the pathfinder.
Going with aboard of.
Going.
With the.
Oh.
Going someplace that is.
Looks like an.
Indian or.
Like Indian's house.
With the the cone, the house
looks like a cone, a building
looks like a cone.
He bring the map.
He bring the map to find.
a, maybe a
A treasure maybe.
He ask
Where, where is the place that
shows in the map
To a lady.
And a lady.
Ohh there's a
Like an old phone.
With a dialing and dial.
Stuff but it it.
There's a ticket, something like
ticket came out from the the,
the, the phone, the old phone.
And by that.
Umm.
There's a.
Like a.
Maybe the transportation is.
In the sky now.
Like lots of.
Lots of flying boat in the sky.
And somebody uh.
Welcome the man to.
To go inside with the ticket
with the ticket.
So.
So the the man got into the.
The boat and talk to
People, whether they see a or
recognize.
uh someone.
In the picture.
That. That.
That girl is being.
Lock somewhere and
and was
Put in something.
Oh, and they asked her to to do
a a work work some, some, some
job.
He has. She has to work.
Umm.
Something like oh like a fuel.
Um.
was lock in the
room and feel very lonely and
feel
And she must be very hungry.
It's a train.
He has go work on
On.
On the train.
With the fuel of the train.
This man.
tries and being shown by by a
lady when, where, where he can
find.
Something that he's looking for
in the in the map on the on the
map.
And he arrive to some place that
uh.
There's a big.
Statue in the middle.
Umm.
Yeah, and he's heading.
to that statue.
He arrived at the town.
And.
Ask for
Uh, a bread.
Bread
Shown in his.
Book.
And uh.
He's heading to.
Ah.
Uh, like like a small locker.
And when he pulled it.
There's something there.
What is that thing?
Oh.
The one that that the boy holds
is that that the same like.
Oh, when he ask for the ask for
the bread, but people keep on
giving him something else.
Something looks like.
What is that? Like a sprout or
something.
Yes.
It's uh
People keep on offering a lot of
of of.
Of things.
Like a big giant strawberry,
like a snake like.
Weird thing to eat.
Besides the bread.
There's a boy and there's a also
a man. And the boy's whisper to
maybe his father and his father
talk to the man.
And maybe want to help him to go
to a place that that the man is
looking for.
Uh, they they came to.
Something.
And meet
Uh, creature that
The the face looked like a fox.
But have tail like a dragon and
a wings.
And it communicates with the the
man's creature.
And the man, uh, drawing.
Drawing the.
The tail.
In the book and ask and ask that
other man.
And that other man is.
Realize something that.
shown
Fire. Fire.
This is like a spirit or
something. #END_arrival_4
OK. We have one more item and
I'll pull that up now.
It's another short story.
Alright.
#START_arrival_5 They arrived to
castle with uh.
Looks like uh like an overall
the shape of the building is
look like.
Lots of owl.
Then uh.
he meets
The man's family.
Family.
There's a wife that that greet
and welcoming this man and ask
him to join for dinner.
And.
The food is.
Is the.
poultry animal that they they
they they cook or process on
something.
They met each other and and and.
The family's welcoming this.
Man.
And hosting dinner.
OK.
They all have have a great time
together after dinner.
They talk, they chat. They eat,
they laugh, they playing a
musical instrument.
And.
The man teach the little boy to
make paper art.
paper art that shape looks like
their pet.
The one that looks like with the
fox face.
And uh, the the man gave.
Some kind of a China.
To the man.
for, for
A souvenir.
And that that that. So they they
put and he put it on the table.
And when he awake.
He realize something and hardly
Hardly believe.
He put his clothes on and he
had.
Have breakfast and give to the
his pet.
And his and his pet give him his
hat.
Yes he all dressed up and ready
to go.
He went to the city and met lots
of people and.
Watching their daily activity.
People cooking, people doing
feeding, people.
Umm.
Selling something.
And.
Drawing something and then he
ask uh, somebody.
But.
The person that he ask always.
Say no.
or trying and they're all.
They don't want to help him.
They keep on saying no.
#END_arrival_5
OK, let me just double check.
OK, perfect.
Umm.